Draft of the fulltext for the segment for product people (#520)
InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath: product/01-introduction.md

Welcome to the learning path section for product managers.
After watching this segment, you will have a better understanding of how InnerSource relates to Agile development best practices.
While we all strive for autonomous teams that can move in an independent way, it is clear that in an complex, interconnected world some dependencies cannot be avoided.

> InnerSource provides an alternative to "wait it out", "build workarounds" and "escalate": Teams that need modifications in their dependencies can themselves offer a helping hand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InnerSource [provides an alternative](https://innersourcecommons.org/learn/learning-path/introduction/02/) to "wait it out", "build workarounds" and "escalate": Teams that need modifications in their dependencies can themselves offer a helping hand.
```

InnerSource facilitates cross team collaboration.

> Through it's focus on written communication, InnerSource values are particularly helpful for teams moving to a remote first mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through it's focus on written communication, InnerSource values are particularly helpful for teams moving to a remote-first mode.
```

> In this Learning Path segment, you will learn where Agile development and InnerSource use similar terminology and even technology - but differ substantially in the details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this Learning Path section, you will learn where Agile development and InnerSource use similar terminology and even technology - but differ substantially in the details.
```

Use "Section" (not "Segment") here.  See [Content Organization](https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath/#content-organization).

> Instead of running into common misunderstandings you will be better equipped to spot differences in culture but also in purpose of tools used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of running into common misunderstandings, you will be better equipped to spot differences in culture but also in purpose of tools used.
```

> Instead of running into common misunderstandings you will be better equipped to spot differences in culture but also in purpose of tools used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of running into common misunderstandings you will be better equipped to spot differences in culture and also in purpose of tools used.
```

I've having trouble with this sentence.  How are `common misunderstanding`, `differences in culture`, and `purpose of tools` related?

> In the fourth part of the segment, you will learn more about the impact of InnerSource on capacity planning: Also with InnerSource there is no free lunch - host teams will have to be aware of mentoring efforts to get contributors up to speed and mentoring them through at least the first few of their contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Later in the section, you will learn more about the impact of InnerSource on capacity planning: Also with InnerSource there is no free lunch - host teams will have to be aware of mentoring efforts to get contributors up to speed and mentoring them through at least the first few of their contributions.
```

Avoid referencing specific placings of segments (in case they change).

Author: Thanks for that hint!

> In the fourth part of the segment, you will learn more about the impact of InnerSource on capacity planning: Also with InnerSource there is no free lunch - host teams will have to be aware of mentoring efforts to get contributors up to speed and mentoring them through at least the first few of their contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the fourth part of the segment, you will learn more about the impact of InnerSource on capacity planning.  Host teams will have to plan for mentoring efforts to get contributors up to speed through at least the first few of their contributions.
```

Shortened and used active words.
